[#2627] prevent 404 responses for the messages send endpoint (#2896)
airyhq/airy: docs/docs/api/endpoints/messages.md

**Sample response**

Because of the nature of being an asynchronous system, sometimes the conversation is not ready at the time of sending
the message.

`HTTP 200 OK`
In this case the conversation was found and the message is attached to it

> `HTTP 202 ACCEPTED`

Author: If the conversation is ready there is no need to do this asynchronously. basically from the caller prospective `200` and `202` are basically the same call. the only thing that the caller need to be aware is that some other calls like `message.list` or `message.suggest-replies` won't reply with the expected data if the message is not ingested yet.

But for the propuse of the issue that is to be able to react instantly to a message it can be treated like a regular `200`

> In this case the converstion is not ready yet. the message will be attached to the converstion
> asynchronously, in the case of an error. it will be delivered asynchronously. See error handling section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, the conversation is not ready yet. the message will be attached to the conversation
asynchronously, in the case of an error. it will be delivered asynchronously. See error handling section.
```

Reviewer: So the original ticket says to always respond with a `202`. Is there a reason for doing it differently? :)

> **Sample response**
> 
> Because of the nature of being an asynchronous system, sometimes the conversation is not ready at the time of sending
> the message.
> 
> `HTTP 200 OK`
> In this case the conversation was found and the message is attached to it
> 
> `HTTP 202 ACCEPTED`
> In this case the conversation is not ready yet. the message will be attached to the conversation
> asynchronously, in the case of an error. it will be delivered asynchronously. See error handling section.
> 

Reviewer: Small rewrite to keep it inline with our "Sample response (status code)" structural convention:

```suggestion
**Sample response (202)**

Because of the nature of being an asynchronous system, sometimes the conversation is not ready at the time of sending the message. The status code `202` indicates that this is the case and also does not include a response body. In case the conversation was eventually not found error metadata will be delivered asynchronously using the [webhook](api/webhook.md) and [websocket]((api/websocket.md)).

**Sample response (200)**

The conversation was found and the message is pending to be delivered.

```
